add DNSdist module (#504)
netdata/go.d.plugin: modules/dnsdist/README.md

<!--
title: "DNSdist monitoring with Netdata"
custom_edit_url: https://github.com/netdata/go.d.plugin/edit/master/modules/dnsdist/README.md
sidebar_label: "DNSdist"
-->

# DNSdist monitoring with Netdata

> [`DNS dist`](https://dnsdist.org/) is a highly DNS-, DoS- and abuse-aware loadbalancer. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[`DNSdist`](https://dnsdist.org/) is a highly DNS-, DoS- and abuse-aware loadbalancer. 
```

See https://www.open-xchange.com/products/dnsdist/

There is a link to that `open-xchange` site in the docs: https://dnsdist.org/#questions-requests-or-comments

    -   latency10-50
    -   latency1-10
    -   latency0-1

2.  **Cache performance**

    -   cache-hits
    -   cache-misses

3.  **ACL events**

    -   acl-drops
    -   rule-drop
    -   rule-nxdomain
    -   rule-refused

4.  **Noncompliant data**

    -   empty-queries
    -   no-policy
    -   noncompliant-queries
    -   noncompliant-responses

5.  **Queries**

    -   queries
    -   rdqueries
    -   rdqueries

6.  **Health**

    -   downstream-send-errors
    -   downstream-timeouts
    -   servfail-responses
    -   trunc-failures

## Configuration

Edit the `go.d/dnsdist.conf` configuration file using `edit-config` from the Agent's [config
directory](/docs/step-by-step/step-04.md#find-your-netdataconf-file), which is typically at `/etc/netdata`.

```bash
cd /etc/netdata # Replace this path with your Netdata config directory
sudo ./edit-config go.d/dnsdist.conf
```

Needs `URL` (Complete address to access `DNSdist` stats.), the pair `user` and `password` to authenticate, and if
your `DNSdist` has API key, you will also need to write this parameter.

Here is a configuration example:

```yaml
jobs:
 - name: local
   url: 'http://127.0.0.1:8083'
   headers:

>       X-API-Key: 'your-api-key' # static pre-shared authentication key for access to the REST API (api-key).

Reviewer: let's add `remote` example

Author: I added it.

```

> For all available options, see the DNS dist collector's [configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For all available options, see the DNSdist collector's [configuration
```

file](https://github.com/netdata/go.d.plugin/blob/master/config/go.d/dnsdist.conf).

## Troubleshooting

> To troubleshoot issues with the ISC dhcpd collector, run the `go.d.plugin` with the debug option enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To troubleshoot issues with the DNSdist collector, run the `go.d.plugin` with the debug option enabled.
```

3.  **ACL events**

    -   acl-drops
    -   rule-drop
    -   rule-nxdomain
    -   rule-refused

4.  **Noncompliant data**

    -   empty-queries
    -   no-policy
    -   noncompliant-queries
    -   noncompliant-responses

5.  **Queries**

    -   queries
    -   rdqueries
    -   rdqueries

6.  **Health**

    -   downstream-send-errors
    -   downstream-timeouts
    -   servfail-responses
    -   trunc-failures

## Configuration

Edit the `go.d/dnsdist.conf` configuration file using `edit-config` from the Agent's [config
directory](/docs/step-by-step/step-04.md#find-your-netdataconf-file), which is typically at `/etc/netdata`.

```bash
cd /etc/netdata # Replace this path with your Netdata config directory
sudo ./edit-config go.d/dnsdist.conf
```

Needs `URL` (Complete address to access `DNSdist` stats.), the pair `user` and `password` to authenticate, and if
your `DNSdist` has API key, you will also need to write this parameter.

Here is a configuration example:

```yaml
jobs:
 - name: local
   url: 'http://127.0.0.1:8083'
   headers:
      X-API-Key: 'your-api-key' # static pre-shared authentication key for access to the REST API (api-key).

 - name: remote

>    url: 'http://http://203.0.113.0:8083'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   url: 'http://203.0.113.0:8083'
```
